{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Superclarendon-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Superclarendon-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red72\green104\blue48;\red154\green70\blue57;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red20\green97\blue176;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c34783\c47432\c24706;\cssrgb\c67406\c35180\c28635;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c29020\c29020\c29020;\cssrgb\c7059\c46667\c74510;}
\margl1440\margr1440\margt2160
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl192\slmult1\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs80 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-16
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Being Prepared \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl192\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec3 When a Blizzard Strikes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf4 \strokec4 \page \pard\pardeftab720\sl192\slmult1\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs80 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-16
\strokec2 Emergency Preparedness\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl192\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec3 Items for Survival\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\sl264\slmult1\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
1. \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Hand Crank Light\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa270\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs27 \cf6 \cb5 \strokec6 Lanterns and other lights that don't require electricity are a necessity for any household, but a hand crank one is a requirement in any basic storm kit. This super-bright LED lantern never needs batteries\'97just an occasional wind-up to keep the light shining as long as needed.\
	2. Hand Crank Radio\
Finding a way to get the news while your power's down is essential. This modern hand-crank unit not only delivers traditional news via the radio, but can help keep you connected to friends and family with a mobile phone charger and a USB input.\
	3. Freeze Alarm\
Being alerted to the fact that your home has lost power before you walk into a freezing, dark house can prepare you for the challenges you'll face when you get home. This little device can be programmed to call as many as three numbers when your home's power goes out or the temperature drops out of the designated range.\
	4. Battery Backup Sump Pump\
Snow may be pretty and all, but it's still just frozen water. If the temps warm up and that snow starts melting, you could end up with a flooded basement\'97a double whammy if the power goes out too, taking your sump pump with it. A battery backup sump pump is your basement's best friend because it's there all the time, especially when you lose power and need it the most.\
	5. Emergency Kit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb5 \strokec6 Follow the advice of the American Red Cross and assemble a single bag full of items that are essential for survival during a disaster. Items in the kit will vary based upon the size of your family and each person's medications. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.redcross.org/prepare/location/home-family/get-kit"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb5 \strokec7 See the minimum supplies list suggested by the Red Cross.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb5 \strokec6 \
	6. Weatherseal Tape\
The window repair man may busy tending to his own storm-ravaged home. This cold temp-safe clear tape is nice to have around in the case of cracked windows from tree branches and other flying debris. Or, use it to seal air leaks where you feel drafts for a quick, temporary fix.\
	7. Airtight Gas Can\
Several items in our emergency prep list run on gasoline, so an airtight gas can is an absolute must. This one has child-resistant features and an automatic venting system for safer storage.\
	8. Portable Generator\
No need for heavy lifting with this 45-pound generator designed for camping. It will run for eight hours at half load and operates on gasoline, making it ideal for basic emergency use.\
	9. Sturdy Work Gloves\
Snow and debris removal is quicker and safer with a sturdy pair of gloves. Choose ones that won't easily tear or let in moisture to slow you down.\
	10. Walk Behind Salt Spreader\
Keeping driveways and walkways free from snow and ice is considerably easier with a salt spreader. This walk behind model is easy to operate and covers a large radius to help get the job done faster.\
	11. Height-Adjustable Snow Shovel\
Shoveling snow can be back-breaking work. Save your back for other activities, like riding out the storm in your recliner with a cup of hot chocolate. This shovel adjusts to the height of the user, and has a mechanism to lift and dump snow without forcing the shoveler to bend.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa270\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://resources.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb5 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Resources}}				{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb5 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Home}}\
\
\
\
}